---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

### What did I do this past week?
The first week of class went by as usual; after 2 years at UT, it is hard to find new experiences. In the specific case of Object-Oriented Programming, it was interesting to see that Dr. Downing does not employ the typical "work on the lab machines" to achieve an equitable developing environment, but uses Docker. At first, this was slightly inconvenient, but after setting it up I appreciated the concept.

### What's in your way?
My main obstacle at the moment is to get back in the academic rhythm that I'm used to during classes. Although, as I mentioned, this is not an unprecedented transition, coming back after three months of limited responsibilities is not pleasing.

### What will you do next week?
Collatz, the first class project, starts immediately next week. It seems like this project is trivial (in Dr. Downing's words) and only used to make us comfortable using the tools we are going to use throughout the semester. I had heard from former OOP students that the project pages, particularly this project's, were thoroughly descriptive. This seems to have changed, since the project specification is rather short, but this is probably justified by the banality of the task.

### Tip of the week:
For those who are not yet familiar with a truly powerful text editor, I would recommend using Brady Zhou's vimrc (https://github.com/bradyz/dot-files). This fellow UTCS student is a master vim user and his configuration saves a lot of trouble to beginners.
