---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
category: OOP
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week was very relaxed in class. Monday was entirely dedicated to going over the specification of the new project Darwin. The explanation was definitely necessary and successful complementing the details posted online, which in my opinion were not sufficient. Wednesday we had guest speakers from Pariveda, a consulting company primarily based in Texas. As always, I appreciate the efforts that Dr. Downing makes in order to expose the industry ambit to us.

### What's in your way?
The only thing that is in my way at the moment is the "no getters or setters" constraint of the project. Without this, the whole project could have been handled in much less time. But I do believe that this is an important problem to have, since these constructs indeed defeat the purpose of encapsulation in object-oriented design and avoiding them will be a beneficial lesson.

### What will you do next week?
Next week will be devoted to writing tests for this project, which is almost functional as of now. Additionally I will also spend some time trying to come up with a good "best" species with my partner, since that sounds like an interesting challenge.

### Tip of the week:
For those of you interested in trying new programming paradigms that are different to what is commonly learned, I would recommend looking into functional programming. [This article](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/07/dont-be-scared-of-functional-programming/) is a good place to start and [Elixir](http://elixir-lang.org/) is a good language to try it. In my opinion, this is a very valuable skill to have or at least talk about.
