---
layout: post
title: Week Six
category: SWE
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was a brief period of calm between the completion of IDB phase 1 and the first test of the class. I wasn't been able to start studying during because of other responsibilities, but the things we went over in class didn't seem complicated, so hopefully that is not an issue.

### What's in your way?
The lack of a more concrete guide to study is probably on my way. I know from my experience in OOP that Professor Downing usually posts a comprehensive list of things that are good to know from the test, so I feel slightly less prepared to study without that. Other than that, I feel confident about my Python knowledge, but I am kind of worried about the reading contents that might show up on the test. Even having done the readings, these are so extensive and detailed that it would be impossible to memorize everything by the time of the test. Hopefully these elements are not relevant.

### What will you do next week?
I will spend most of my time studying and preparing.

### What's my experience of the class?
As I mentioned, class this week was relaxed. Although I am a little bit anxious about the content of the test, I am happy to go over the nuances of Python constructs that I don't use often.

### Tip of the week:
If you use iTerm2 as your primary terminal, I would recommend looking into setting up a Hotkey Window if you haven't already. This allows you to set a hotkey combination so that you can have a terminal slide onto your screen even when iTerm is not on focus. This highly increases productivity.
