---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
category: SWE
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week's lectures were dedicated to learning the syntax of SQL queries. I've never been very affectionate to these types of technologies, but I do understand that it is a good idea to learn how they work, so I'm happy we are going over them. Outside of class my group finished phase 2 of IDB. I think the hardest part of this phase for me was setting everything up. The actual programming was not complicated at all, at least in the backend, but having to integrate every aspect without explicit guidance was slightly challenging. I wish we would have had a little bit more time with the specs available, but overall it was a good experience.

### What's in your way?
Nothing at the moment. Hopefully this won't change when the specification for phase 3 is released.

### What will you do next week?
Start the next phase as soon as possible and try to finish early. I definitely don't want to be tweaking last minute details the night the project is due.

### What's my experience of the class?
I'm having a satisfying experience overall. As I mentioned earlier, the material in lectures is worth learning and the project might be a good simulation of something we can expect in the industry.

### Tip of the week:
My tip of the week is to learn how the logging feature of Google Cloud Platform works and to use prints to stderr in order to appropriately debug errors in your deployment that are not happening locally.
