---
layout: post
title: Week Two
category: SWE
---

### What did you do this past week?
The highlight of this past week was finishing Collatz. It was not terribly hard due to my experience with the OOP project. I had a slight obstacle when facing numbers that overflowed 32-bit integers, but that was quickly resolved. Class was predictable, as we're still going introductory material, but I'm excited to see what's next.

### What's in your way?
Currently, the only thing in my way is still my concern about random groups. I keep thinking of negatives to this approach. For instance, scheduling is not a huge problem when working in industry since you and your teammates share priorities; however, this element might be quite disturbing in a group with strangers whose schedules were not taken into account.

### What will you do next week?
Next week I will be on the lookout for changes in the current project. From experience, I noticed that waiting to submit, even if you finish early, is probably a good idea.

### What's my experience of the class?
My experience has not varied a lot this last week. Lectures remain entertaining, despite being similar to OOP lectures and the individual project process was smooth.

### Tip of the week:
My tip for this week is Apple's Workflow iOS app. It is an automation app that lets you run small, visually created scripts that eliminate some of the tediousness of mobile interfaces. For instance, recently I used it to transfer my music library from the native music app to Spotify; process that would have been annoying without it.
